---
title: ⓿MHz DOS Collection 2024.03.20 released
published: true
---

This is the first proper release of the new 0MHz DOS Collection, and we’re excited to share it with you!

**The goal of the 0MHz DOS Collection is to “consolize” the ao486/DOS experience on the MiSTer FPGA platform, and make gaming on the PC core as easy as any other console core that is supported.**

## Advantages

**Simple Launcher** — The 0MHz DOS Collection uses MiSTer’s MGL support to let you launch straight into any of the games directly from the top-level `DOS Games` menu.

**One Game, One Setup** — Each game is configured as a separate container, running the game off a dedicated (virtual) hard drive file. All relevant settings are in place — appropriate CPU speed, necessary drivers, memory managers, and anything else needed to play the game.

**Only the Classics** — Only the best of DOS gaming is included. Especially if you are new to the platform, we try to make it easier to find something you like. Most of the major hits from back in the day (based on various online top lists) are included, and complete game series too.

**Pick & Choose** — Instead of getting every DOS game in existence, just pick the ones you want to play, since they are all standalone setups. Whether that means only your own personal top 5 DOS games, or the top 100.

**NFC Compatible** — Since it relies entirely on MiSTer’s MGL support, these games can be launched using the NFC reader, should you want to.

**Simple Installation** — Just copy the files to your MiSTer, and you are ready to go. No setup needed.

## Help us make it better

In the future, we have plans to add new features like QR code support so you can pull up the game manual directly on your phone when launching the game, and we may also look into making a PC XT DOS collection that works in the same way as this setup does. We have lots of ideas for the future. If you want to help out, just let us know!

If you find any issues, or want to suggest games that we may have forgotten, file a ticket in the [GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/0mhz-net/0mhz-collection/issues).

## Supported games in the 2024.03.20 release

* 4D Sports Driving
* 7th Guest
* Abuse
* Aladdin
* Albion
* Alone in the Dark
* Alone in the Dark 2
* Alone in the Dark 3
* Another World
* Archon Ultra
* Battle Chess
* Battle Chess (Enhanced)
* Bio Menace - Episode 1
* Bio Menace - Episode 2
* Bio Menace - Episode 3
* Blood
* Caesar II
* Cannon Fodder
* Cannon Fodder 2
* Civilization
* Colonization
* Command & Conquer
* Command & Conquer Red Alert
* Commander Keen
* Commander Keen 2
* Commander Keen 3
* Commander Keen 4
* Commander Keen 5
* Crime Wave
* Day of the Tentacle
* Descent
* Descent II
* Discworld
* Doom (Ultimate)
* Duke Nukem 3D
* Dune
* Dune II
* Dungeon Master
* Earthworm Jim
* Earthworm Jim 2
* Elder Scrolls - Arena
* Elder Scrolls II
* Elite - Plus
* Elite II - Frontier
* Eye Of The Beholder
* Eye Of The Beholder II
* Eye Of The Beholder III
* FIFA 96
* Flashback
* Full Throttle
* Gabriel Knight
* Gods
* Grand Prix 2
* Grand Theft Auto
* Heretic
* Heroes of Might & Magic
* Heroes of Might & Magic II
* Hexen
* Indiana Jones - Atlantis
* Indiana Jones - Last Crusade
* Jazz Jackrabbit
* Jazz Jackrabbit - Holiday
* Karateka
* Kings Quest
* Kings Quest II
* Kings Quest III
* Kings Quest IV
* Kings Quest V
* Kings Quest VI
* Leisure Suit Larry
* Leisure Suit Larry 2
* Leisure Suit Larry 3
* Leisure Suit Larry 5
* Leisure Suit Larry 6
* Leisure Suit Larry 7
* Lemmings
* Lemmings - Oh No More!
* Links 386 Pro
* Loom
* Magic Carpet
* Magic Carpet 2
* Maniac Mansion (Enhanced)
* Mario Teaches Typing
* Master of Orion
* Master of Orion II
* Monkey Island
* Monkey Island 2
* Oregon Trail
* Oregon Trail - Deluxe
* Out of This World
* Panzer General
* Police Quest
* Police Quest II
* Police Quest III
* Police Quest IV
* Populous
* Populous II
* Prince of Persia
* Prince of Persia 2
* Quest for Glory (Enhanced)
* Quest for Glory II
* Quest for Glory III
* Quest for Glory IV
* Railroad Tycoon
* Raptor - Call of the Shadows
* Risk
* Rogue
* Sam & Max Hit the Road
* Scorched Earth
* Settlers
* Settlers II
* SimAnt
* SimCity
* SimCity 2000
* SimEarth
* SimFarm
* Space Quest
* Space Quest II
* Space Quest III
* Space Quest IV
* Space Quest V
* Space Quest VI
* Star Control
* Star Control 2
* Star Trek - 25th Anniversary
* Star Trek - Judgment Rites
* Star Wars - Dark Forces
* Star Wars - TIE Fighter SE
* Star Wars - X-Wing
* Stratego
* Strike Commander
* Stunts
* Super Cars International
* Syndicate (Plus)
* Syndicate Wars
* The Dig
* Theme Hospital
* Thexder
* Transport Tycoon
* Ultima - Underworld
* Ultima - Underworld II
* Ultima I
* Ultima II
* Ultima III
* Ultima IV
* Ultima V
* Ultima VI
* Ultima VII
* Warcraft - Orcs and Humans
* Warcraft II
* Warcraft II - Dark Portal
* Wing Commander
* Wing Commander - Academy
* Wing Commander - Privateer
* Wing Commander II
* Wing Commander II SpecOps 1
* Wing Commander II SpecOps 2
* Wizardry I
* Wizardry II
* Wizardry III
* Wizardry IV
* Wizardry V
* Wizardry VI
* Wizardry VII
* Wolfenstein 3D
* Wolfenstein 3D - Spear
* X-COM - UFO Defense
* X-COM 2
* Zak McKracken
* Zork I
* Zork II
* Zork III
